Back in the day,
my mom always invaded
my personal space.
She was famous for her
snuggies, huggies, kissies,
and her signature move,
the nom-nom-nom-nom-nom-
nom-nom-nom-nom.
Good morning!
Here's your nom!
Nom-nom-nom-nom-nom-nom-nom!
Eh, right!
Like the movie
Good Morning, Vietnam,
except people liked that.
That Mork is so talented.
I wish he'd make
a Vietnam Part Two.
Going in for another scoop.
Nom-nom-nom-nom-
nom-nom-nom-nom!
Enough!
This has to stop!
I'm cutting you off cold turkey!
What? At least
let me taper off.
This mama's gotta nom-ma.
Nom-nom-nom...
I mean it!
This is your last nom.
I had stopped my mom cold,
but when life closes one door,
my mom crashes through another.
Oh, look
who sent you
a brochure.
Calgary State Bible College.
Sounds cold and religious.
Oh, you're not going
to this garbage school.
But remember
when you were
blabbing about
adult-y adventures
and viciously cutting me
out of your life?
Sounds like for sure you do.
Well, this means
that your college
phase is here,
and you're gonna
need your mama
to help get you in.
Or I just say yes
to these religious Eskimos
and we're good to go.
No, silly.
I'm gonna be on you
night and day
to make sure you get into
the best college there is.
Night? Day?
But those are all the times.
My mom
was determined
to use college
as a way to get
close to me.
Way too close.
Quick! What's the
square root of 144?
Naked body! Scared!
College admissions boards
won't be as forgiving
as I am, Adam.
Mom, please!
This is humiliating!
Humiliating? Try telling
your friends your kid
got deferred at Tufts.
Gah!
Ta-da!
It's your college collage
to put above your bed
so you can look at it
before you go to sleep
and dream about college.
Yeah, I'll never do that.
But is that my head glued onto
a dude playing Frisbee?
It is.
This is the energy
I can expect from you
until I actually
get into college?
I'm super excited, too!
Oh, this is gonna be
such a fun journey,
study buddy.
Mwah!
Mm!
I gotta get my mom off my back.
Well, you could help her
find a hobby to distract her.
Maybe a bowling league?
My mom's currently
in a legal matter with
Jenkintown Lanes,
and that's all
I'm allowed to say.
She could try my mom's hobby,
drinking boxed wine
while she completely
ignores me.
Wow.
You're so lucky.
Totally.
Look, I'm sure
this will blow over soon.
Erica and Barry just moved out.
Your mom just
needs time to adjust.
Yeah, you're probably right.
♪ U-C-L-A
♪ You're going to U-C-L-A
♪ It's in Hollywood
♪ You're a big movie geek
♪ And your mama
will fly out each week
Another brochure came
in the mail for you today.
From UCLA?
That's right,
study buddy!
♪ You're going to U-C-L-A ♪
♪ I'm twisted up inside
♪ But nonetheless,
I feel the need to say
♪ I don't know the future
♪ But the past keeps getting
clearer every day ♪
It was October 9th,
1980-something,
and while Erica was
focused on doing college
right this time,
Geoff wasn't focused
on anything at all.
So, I have an hour
until my next class,
which I can use
to finish my chem lab
and my reading for women's lit.
How's your day looking?
Eh, I gotta get this ball
in this cup.
Oh. Well, my schedule
just opened up.
Can I make you another tea?
I think I'm good.
Cool, cool.
Well, I'll just sit quietly,
and I'm here if you need me.
♪♪
You know, I'm just gonna
make you a backup tea.
No. Geoff,
I think it's great
that you're taking a year off
to find yourself,
but I've got work to do.
I knew it!
I'm bothering you!
No!
But for the love of God, yes!
I really thought
all this free time
would finally help me relax
after a very intense 18 years,
but I've never been
more stressed.
I'm growing so much hair!
Stress makes you lose hair.
Oh, no!
Nothing is right!
Don't worry. I know
exactly how to fix this.
Is this your card?
No.
Yes, it is!
You liar!
- JTP?
- JTP.
Geoff's broken.
Fix him.
- Thanks, hon. Love you.
- Oh, she's gone.
Broken, huh?
What are we talking about?
Mental? Emotional?
Physical?
Pop off your shirt
so we can see what
we're working with.
No, it's not body-related.
I just need to figure out
a way to fill my days
and quiet my shrieking mind.
Lucky for you,
your lazy girlfriend
dumped you
on the right friend group.
Now pop off your shirt.
Stop trying to undress me.
I got it.
Come work with me
at The Gap.
I get 25% off all cargo shorts.
These are the same ones
Queen Latifah wears.
Or you could work
for my Uncle Ronnie.
Yeah, he puts a box in my trunk,
I drive it
across the Canadian border,
and then wham, bam,
all the Hardee's I can eat.
Yeah, bro. I think
you might be a drug mule.
What if I don't want
to be Queen Latifah
or a criminal?
Done! You will start your own
insanely lucrative business.
That's better!
I use businesses
all the time.
I think I'm in real trouble.
Last week, I accidentally
went to economics class,
and now I know everything
about starting your own business
using the laws
of supply and da man.
I'm pretty sure
it's "demand."
Wrong, Geoffrey.
It's when you ask
da man what he wants
and then you supply it.
Dad, what do you want?
To watch Cheers in peace.
Dad!
Uh...
Sandwich from Lee's.
Boring!
We'll ask another da man.
Hang on.
T-That's a good idea.
W-Why are pizza places
the only ones that deliver?
What if there was a business
that would deliver
any food to your house?
Like live Maine lobsters?
Beef Wellington
with a port wine reduction!
Or pizza from
fancy pizza places
that don't deliver.
All of it.
You call me, I place the order,
pick it up, bring it to you,
all for a small fee.
I can get
an outside-the-house
sandwich
while staying
inside the house?
Sandwich me.
I have my first customer.
W-Wait. I think
I just started a business.
You need drivers?
I'm looking for
a little extra cash.
Me too.
I-I hate these shorts.
And I might be
a drug mule,
so I am in.
I have employees!
And a president/ CEO/visionary.
Salary TBD, but likely TB a lot.
First thought, we need a name.
How 'bout "Food in a Geoffy"?
Not poppin'.
How about "Barry Up
and Get Your Food in a Geoffy:
A Big Tasty Biz"?
It's definitely longer.
Agreed.
I'll order T-shirts.
While Geoff was finding
his calling,
I was finding myself totally
lost in history class.
Here are your assignments
for your papers.
Dave Kim... Harriet Tubman.
Sweet! H-Tub.
Nothing's gonna
be underground about her
when I'm done with my paper.
I weep for our future.
New girl...
Susan B. Anthony.
Well, I be excited.
Nice.
Adam Goldberg...
Sandra Day O'Connor.
Oh, no, thank you.
"No, thank you"?
This should be enraging.
Say your dumb words.
As you know,
Mr. Coleman agreed
that I'm a visual learner
and always let me make a video.
As you know,
Mr. Coleman was fired
for tying a quarter to a string
and stealing Rolos
from the vending machines.
Paper it is. I believe
you said it would be
on George Lucas?
1,000 words
on Sandra Day O'Connor.
How about Sarah Connor,
the character from Terminator?
Which is directed
by James Cameron,
which is
who my paper will be on.
Sandra... Day... O'Connor!
You know what?
Everybody just sit quietly
while I snap chalk!
You're boned, bro.
You haven't
written a paper
in three years.
Maybe I still don't have to.
There's my special lady.
Wait, what?
I was thinking about us
being study buddies.
Let's do that.
Are you toying
with my heart
right now?
Because it will
literally explode!
No toying.
Just a boy looking to do
some scholastic bonding
with his mama.
Where should we start?
Oh, I know!
I have to write a paper
on one Sandra Day O'Connor.
And you immediately
thought of me?
Well, you were
almost a cookbook author,
and you almost
coulda been a lawyer.
I was almost
both of those things.
So, let's get on it, girl!
We'll make a whole
Sandra Day of it.
Yay! My sweet little baby
has re-latched to my bosom.
You have a way with words.
So let's start
writing that paper
without those ones specifically.
I'll bring the typewriter,
you bring the dimples,
study buddy.
Study buddies!
I know what you're doing, kiddo.
I'm not doing anything.
You're conning your mother
into writing a paper for you.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm doing that.
But it's fine.
She wants to spend time
with her son,
and I want
not to write a paper.
It's win-win.
The honorable
Sandra Day O'Connor
would be appalled
that you would
even consider this.
You seem to know
a lot about her.
Why don't you stick around
and help your daughter
write her paper?
Eh, you're all ferkokte.
I deserve a pickle.
Hey, Schmooey,
you're just my type.
Typewriter humor.
Just save that gold
for the page.
So, where do we start?
Here's everything
I know so far...
She's a lady.
Well, I know a ton.
For her confirmation hearing,
she wore the
most hideous purple coat.
You're an expert.
Let me get out of your way.
I wish this essay
was a million words.
Should we do that?
Just write a million words?
Definitely. But no.
With that, my mom got cracking.
Sure, it wasn't a million words,
but it was
an endless amount of detail
on Sandra Day O'Connor.
All I had to do was sit back
and enjoy the ride.
Yes!
Writing is easy!
While I was
outsourcing my paper,
Geoff's new business
was already a source
of great stress.
- Food in a Geoffy.
- Please hold.
Food in a Geoffy.
How may I help you?
What do you mean you
only got three loose
fries with your order?
That's on me.
I'm a snacker when I drive.
Me too. But who's gonna
actually check the exact
length of a footlong?
Guys, stop eating the food!
Does that apply to beverages?
'Cause there used to
be two shakes,
and now there are none.
Damn it, JTP.
Just go! Deliver!
JTP!
JTP.
Big news, Geoffrey.
I'm using company funds
to buy an expensive putter
for my putting green.
This one keeps missing the hole.
Barry, do you really need
all that stuff?
You need to spend money
to make money.
Sometimes I question
your commitment
to my business.
It's my business!
What business?
Great news, Erica.
I found a better way to relax
than hanging around
your dorm room.
I started a relentless,
high-octane
food-delivery company.
Food in a Geoffy!
Please hold!
Wait, what is it?
Well, it's extremely
simple, really.
Except it wasn't.
Say you want a burger.
You just page my beeper,
I get the page
and then call you back
wherever I am.
You place your order with me,
and then I call the restaurant
and place that order with them.
Then, I or one of
my many unreliable drivers
get your order,
and we drive it to you
for a small delivery fee.
Then it starts all over again
and again and again.
I haven't slept in two days.
$2 for all that work?
Pretty cool, huh?
Geoff, are you sure
this is worth...
Damn it.
Food in a Geoffy.
Hello?
Mr. Goldberg?
Yeah, I'll have a Shasta,
light ice, from the kitchen,
a chili dog from the Wawa,
and take Lucky for a tinkle.
We don't provide dog care.
The customer is always right.
On it.
I'm so happy
your gentle annoyance with me
pushed me into this.
While Food in a Geoffy
took over Geoffy's life,
my mom-written paper
would surely save mine.
Meh!
A C?
What the hell, man?
Yeah, just like your haircut,
super mediocre.
But this makes no sense.
Believe me, that C on your paper
is the only thing
that was accurate.
You referred to Justice O'Connor
as Sandy, Sally, Shawna, Shonda,
and one time, Tiffany!
Wow. Yeah.
Seems like the most
cursory once-over
would've caught that.
Aloha, my little academia nut.
Hi, Mom.
Quick question...
Are you a damn fool?
A C?
Yeah, for "crap."
If I wanted a C,
I would have
written it myself.
This is not okay!
Neither is your spelling
or grammar
or rambling sentences.
And who the hell
is Tiffany Night O'Brien?
Oh, they knew who I meant.
I don't know who you meant,
and I was sitting right there.
Well, I'm gonna fix this.
Your college future is at stake.
First thing tomorrow,
I'm marching down
to have a talk
with Mr. Woodburn.
Oh, please don't do that.
It's done.
Study buddies
take care of each other.
Study buddies!
Study buddies.
I guess we're both
pretty deep into a pickle.
♪♪
Erica was worried
that Food in a Geoffy
was leading Geoff
to a nervous breakdown,
so she was going to help him
relax with a movie.
See?
Isn't this nice?
Just you and me
and the stress-free
corpse comedy
of Weekend at Bernie's.
Babe, I appreciate it,
but I'm fine.
Honest.
Oh, no!
Who is this for?
I never got the order,
and now it's gonna be late!
Geoff, the popcorn is for you.
Oh, right. I forgot
sometimes I eat food, too.
Geoff! Geoff! Geoff?
Sorry. You have
the same fat head as Geoff.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm looking for a man
named Geoff!
Barry, be quiet!
There you are!
Why are you here?
And why are you wearing a suit?
In no particular order...
I'm a high-powered CEO,
and the worst has happened.
Customer Murray Goldberg
got the wrong order.
He's freaking out
and wants you to fix it.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes!
I even considered
handling it myself,
but I came here
'cause it was easier.
Well, tough luck.
We're on a date,
so let the other
JTP dopes do it.
I'm sorry, Erica.
I have to fix this.
People think he's alive,
but he's dead.
As Geoff
abandoned Erica
to put out a fire,
my mom was at school
starting one.
Thank you
for meeting with us.
I'll make this quick.
Are you a stupid idiot?
Mom!
Whoa! Coming in hot.
I think what my mom
is trying to say
is maybe my paper deserves
a slightly higher grade.
No "maybe" about it!
Mrs. Goldberg,
this paper is filled
with typos and run-on sentences.
So? It's also light and fun,
like a summer beach read.
Oh, I laughed a lot.
Mostly at how your son
and his childlike mind
are going to exist in society.
Well, I, for one,
appreciate that concern.
Thank you for your time.
Not to mention,
Mrs. Goldberg,
it is riddled with
historical inaccuracies.
Well, I'm sorry I didn't
have time to go to the library
and wrestle a vagrant
for the microfiche.
Why would you go to the library?
Because I am
helping Adam...
A little.
Full disclosure,
we're study buddies.
It's mostly just snacks
and moral support.
It's clear
what's happening here,
so I am gonna change this grade.
Finally. An A-minus
and we're out of here.
It's an F for cheating.
Well, I give you an F
for "failure as an educator,"
and I am taking this
to Principal Ball.
Don't worry, Adam.
Mama's got this.
But she didn't.
Adam's suspended for two weeks.
Balls!
This is
a terrifyingly bad paper,
especially from an adult.
Unacceptable, Earl.
Don't take it out on Adam
just 'cause you need
to stand by your motley crew
of burnouts and sad sacks!
Oh, no.
You called me what I am.
Principal Ball, please!
Two weeks at home?
Just the two of us?
The time does not fit the crime!
I suppose
there is another option.
The understanding
that I've clearly
learned my lesson?
The shunning bench.
The bench where kids wait
to see the school nurse
for their lice check?
Yes, but we spray it.
And it's also part
of a hallowed
Quaker tradition.
The guilty student sits there
while his classmates scorn him
as they casually stroll by.
It's a hoot.
Sold! Gimme
the old-timey
benchy thing.
Never! We accept
the full suspension.
Why? There's
a perfectly viable
shaming option available.
I'd rather have Adam sitting
at home, learning from me
than from your lazy,
fresh-mouthed teachers.
Come on, study buddy.
Okey-dokey.
That works, too.
While my mom
was shunning the bench,
Geoff was facing
an angry customer.
I ordered a cheesesteak.
What's this green thing
with the red things in it?
You mean a salad?
How am I supposed to know?
I'm so sorry.
I-I'll fix it.
Don't put up with his nonsense.
He's a platinum member.
Not for long,
unless I get
a new cheesesteak.
But Lee's is closed.
Well, you better find out
who took mine, Barnaby Jones.
I mean, I guess
there's only a few houses
it could have gone to.
You're driving.
Wait, you're going, too?
I want to see for myself
what kind of person
takes another man's sandwich.
And so the great
cheesesteak search began.
Hello, sir.
Hello, ma'am.
I run a food-delivery service.
Put me down for a beer, please.
We're actually looking
for a missing order.
But you do deliver beer, right?
I just wanted to confirm
that your order
was up to our standards.
Sure. But my standards
are very low.
One time, I ordered a pizza.
Honest to God,
it had three screws on it.
I ate it anyway.
With the screws?
No, dumbass!
We're looking
for a lost cheesesteak.
Hey, here's a fun fact...
The, uh, Philly-style
steak sandwich
was invented in the 1930s,
but cheese was not added
until the '40s.
Just tell me
where my sandwich is.
Let me take a look.
Mm.
Definitely not
in the bottom of this can.
You know, the French
have their own version
of hide-and-seek.
It's called "Sardines."
A little fun twist, though,
there's only one hider.
Everybody else seeks.
He's a bit off.
I'm out of here.
Is he with you?
I don't see it.
That's it.
I'm getting a bat.
What? No!
Hi, ma'am.
You didn't get a cheesesteak
by accident, did you?
In fact, I did.
Could I possibly get that back?
Mm, that's gonna be kinda tough.
I already
ate the hell out of it.
She reeks
of cheesy, beefy goodness!
What are you doing?
- You monster!
- Whatever!
As Geoff's
business took him
all over town,
I was at home,
and class was in session.
Ring-a-ding-ding.
It's time for
the Beverly Goldberg
School of Learnin'.
From the same people
who brought me a C?
Woodburn had it out for us,
but I think we both know
if I hadn't been someone
who could've been a lawyer,
I could've been someone
who might've been a teacher.
Wow.
Wow, indeed.
Check out our curriculum.
A book of limericks,
The Baseball Encyclopedia,
The Guinness Book
of World Records...
Superfudge?
These are all our books.
We're gonna learn everything.
Here's our syllabus for today.
Math, English, home ec...
That's us making a pie...
Lunch...
That's us eating a pie.
There's an hour-long
snuggle break?
I know it doesn't
seem like enough time,
but it could also be
one of your electives.
This was a big mistake.
I shouldn't have pretended
to want your help.
Pretended?
I-I thought we were stud buds.
We were never stud buds!
And, oh, my God,
don't call it that!
So we're not stud buds?
Stop that! And no!
Gosh, I just wanted you
to write my paper for me,
but you couldn't even do that.
And now I gotta spend
even more time with you,
which is the thing
I didn't want
in the first place.
Well, forgive me for wanting
to be part of your life.
Message received.
♪♪
After facing my mom's
constant attention,
even the shunning bench was
better than being at home.
Okay, people, don't be shy.
It's a hallowed Quaker
tradition to rip
Mr. Goldberg a new one.
You're a fart!
Nailed it.
Thank you, noble ancestors.
You're too dumb to get
a smart person
to write your paper,
and I predict
early baldness for you.
Gah!
Thank you, Mr. Woodburn.
You honor our heritage.
Would anyone else like
to throw a verbal haymaker?
I'd like a turn.
You can't be here.
She can't be here.
I read nothing in the original
parchment about this.
Have at it.
Adam F. Goldberg,
you are a jerk
for pretending
to want to spend
time with me
just so
I'd write a paper for you.
Weak!
Get him where it hurts!
His hair, his body,
his stupid glasses!
If he's not crying,
you're doing it wrong.
I was just looking
for anywhere else
to direct your crazy energy!
Oh, no! Your hot mom
loves you too much.
You're a turd farmer,
Goldberg.
I shun thee!
I mean, everywhere I go,
there you are.
She came into my shower
with math facts.
Nice.
Yikes!
Okay, that was me
pretending to have
heard the bell.
People, get back
to your classes.
This questionable punishment
will resume after lunch.
Okay, I went too far, maybe.
Maybe?
Fine.
I helped you cheat,
and that was wrong,
but do you know
how hard this is for me?
Barry and Erica are gone,
and all you do
is push me away.
Because you're all over me.
You smother me with your noms.
I know, but you're my last baby.
I don't know
what I'm gonna do
when you leave, too.
Then why push me
towards college?
It was all I had.
You're so busy
being a young adult,
I didn't know
how else to connect.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
It was wrong of me to take
advantage of your feelings.
But you do know we still
have time before college?
So, does that mean
we can still be
study buddies
if I promise not to overdo it?
We both know
that's a promise
you can't keep.
But I will need
to take some study breaks
from time to time.
And when you do, I'll be there.
Is hugging allowed
on the shunning bench?
♪ Sooner or later
♪ Your legs give way,
you hit the ground
♪ Save it for later
Food in a Geoffy.
What the hell?
I'm shutting
this whole operation down.
Barry, you're fired.
Fine!
I'm taking my Zen garden
as severance.
Erica, what are you doing?
What I should have done
days ago.
Geoff, you've always
taken care of me,
especially last year,
when I was finding myself.
But now it's time for me
to take care of you.
Unless you like
this terrible business.
I hate it so much!
I've gotten
three speeding tickets,
Barry's spent all my money,
all the neighborhood dads
are weirdos,
and my car permanently
smells like moo shu pork.
Then why'd you keep doing it?
Because I thought
it was better
than doing nothing.
I need purpose in my life.
And we'll find it...
Together.
But I was driving you crazy.
You know what's driving me
even crazier?
Seeing you like this.
You need to take your time
and figure out
what makes you happy.
Right now, that's you.
♪ Sooner or later,
your legs give way...
Sometimes it takes messing up
to realize just what
your life is missing,
especially when the fear
of missing someone
is what drives you
in the first place.
In the end, when the people
you love have your back,
you can do anything.
Or just nothing at all.
♪ You run away, run away ♪
♪♪
Ha! This is my favorite.
All right, come here.
We're being video-camera'd
right now.
Yeah.
I wanted to
invite you here
to apologize
for Murray's
cheesesteak witch hunt.
Your cooking must be slipping
if Murray's been
ordering out so much.
Yeah, I'll say.
Your husband's
at the drive-thru so often,
they gave him his own lane.
I like you.
We should power-walk.
Fun fact about walking...
The animal with
the fastest recorded walk,
African bush elephant.
I thought it was
the last woman
you tried to talk to.
Oh, no. She ran.
You guys have
some fun banter going on.
Yeah. It's been a while
since we were all together.
Afternoon, everybody.
Ned!
Beer me, please.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We just ran out.
I'll be at the bar
down the street.
Me too.
Ooh, yeah.
I'm coming.
They seem fun.